Name: Akshat Toolaj Sinha
Entry Number: 2020CSB1068

# INFO ABOUT THE CODE #
    1. To run my code, just change the file_name to your file and choose appropriate values of k,p,itr
    2. Comments are Present throughout the file to understand the code


Observations From Random Walk

1. When we do a randomwalk on the Whole Wikipedia dump, we get some interesting results.

2. Information Gathering Sources such as newspapers,TV Channels are quite high pageranked, as wikipages refer to them for information, making it very high pageranked.

3. Countries ( United States, India  France etc) & Geographical region also comes near the top as nearly every entity has a country of origin and belonging. 
Some Countries like USA, Russia comes high in places , but there are some countries & geographical region which are very high pageranked considering their size is small 
which is Poland, Iran, Malaysia, Sweden are higher placed than India. This might be due to their high involement in world affairs like Israel.

4. Sports like Football, Cricket, Tennis, also comes near the top, might be due to their high spread in society,culture and people watch sports a lot 

5. Conflicts & World Wars have also came near the top as they usually set up chains of events in future for years to come 

6. One striking observation is coming up of Animals & Insects such as moth,arthropod,cerambycidae,mollusca very high in pageranked, they might be very 
primitive organisms results in very top of evolutionary chain, but still a definite reason is hard to give.

7. Scientific terms are not coming up frequently, I think this is due to fact, that they are not required in daily life 
and also wikipedia is not primary source for proofs and concepts.

8. There is a gradation of pagerank from geograhpical locations to religion,culture,sports and finally a indistinguishable mixture after some time

9. Historicals places and events are mostly absent from top, one plausibles reason can be that they usually don't refer to something important and they are referred to

10. Individual personalities come very rarely, I can conclude that one individual personality does not change the world, it is always a collection of people.

11. Government Organization unlike private Organization do come a lot like American Navy,Government of India etc.

12. All the Olympics editions are quite highly ranked, might be due to it being a huge event after every 4 years 


All the above description shows wikipedia replicates life in a good sense, We all live in a geograhpical area and live in present and don't care about the past and 
consider collective is better than individal. Wikipedia is collection of ideas/events so it should mimics society at a good level, which it seems to do when viewed
through lens of pagerank.